We expect the following academic beneficiaries

1. Each of our collaborators are also end users of our research and
therefore will gain immediate benefit from our results. They are
particularly likely to do this because they have been involved in the
design of the research and will be involved in its execution.

2. The Homotopy Type Theory (HoTT) community will be the next most
immediate beneficiaries as most of their research occurs within the
mathematical foundations of HoTT. They will benefit by taking HoTT
into the direction of programming languages and verification.

3. Next, theoretical computer scientists will benefit by seeing new
foundations for their discipline developed based upon HoTT. In
particular, users of type theoretic tools (Coq, Agda, Idris, NuPRL)
will be excited at the advent of new type theories which encapsulate
the Univalence not as an axiom but as a computational feature.

4. Moving outwards, programming language designers will benefit as
currently they are intrigued by HoTT but are put off by the overhead
of its current mathematical presentation. Being able to access HoTT in
the form of a programming language will give them the ability to gain
a deep understanding HoTT in terms they understand.

5. Similarly, the programme verification community will also be able
to access HoTT as a programming verification tool and thus use it for
their own concerns.

6. PhD students who will become the next generation of programmers,
developers and academics will benefit via the courses and talks we
intend to give at workshops, via the MGS and similar events, and
through our own workshop and summer school.

7. Finally, other academics (eg mathematicians) who want to formalise
large libraries of knowledge will benefit from the improved
reusability and modularity HoTT is offering.
