In the short term, we expect impact in the following areas

1. EPSRC has a goal of growing its research in programming languages
and programme verification and this research contributes directly -
and immediately - to this goal. This research also contributes
immediately to both the overall objective and the three objectives of
the EPSRC funded Grand Challenge 6 "Dependable Systems Evolution". The
research also contributes indirectly to the EPSRC themes of the
Digital Economy, Global Uncertainty and cyber security by increasing
trust in software by establishing machine-checked mathematical proofs
concerning program behaviour.

2. National Economy: The software market is huge and this research
contributes to this area by producing the first HoTT-based programming
language which, unlike current languages, allows programming with
quotients and supports abstraction by using an extensional but
computationally well-behaved equality. This will be demonstrated via a
case study concerning Units of Measure, a feature within the
Microsoft's commercial language F#.

In the long term, we expect impact in the following areas:

3. Emerging Industry: Because of the huge cost of software failures as
detailed in the proposal, there is growing interest within industry in
formally verified software and this research contributes to this area
by aiming to build the first of a new breed of more powerful
verification environments with better ability to scale to large
systems due to the specific properties of HoTT.
 
4. In the long term, the need for trust in results across the sciences
will mean that there will be a growing interest in formal verification
of such human knowledge. By developing more powerful systems for
formal verification, our research will contribute (once more in the
long run) to this goal.
