This project is about a new programming language, called Homotopy Type
Theory (HoTT), which has been recently formulated during a special
year at the Institute of Advanced Study in Princeton. In this language
we cannot only write programs, but also express properties of programs
using types, and programs to express proofs that our programs are
correct. It is called HOMOTOPY Type Theory because concepts from
Homotopy Theory which investigates abstract properties of geometric
objects.  The Filed Medallist Vladimir Voevodsky and others have
established a new and exciting link between geometry and reasoning
about equality.  In a nutshell HoTT allows us to treat objects which
behave the same as equal (univalence). Another feature of HoTT is that
we can model datatypes, such as bags, where elements can be exchanged
easily (using what is called higher inductive types). We believe that
these are essential ingredients to make formal verification possible
by allowing us to reuse proofs and programs effectively.

Homotopy Type Theory is a possible foundational language for
Mathematics - this has already been established by a book on Homotopy
Theiry which can be downloaded for free. However, it is not clear in
the moment how we could write a compiler or interpreter for HoTT. The
goal of this project is to address this issue by foundational research
based on some recent and promising ideas and to implement tools which
make HoTT available to interested people such as researchers and
programmers. We will also study some concrete examples in program
verification to see wether and if how we can take advantage of HoTT.
